open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 13359
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 7912
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9887
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 6754
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6951
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6717
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6734
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6485
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 6508
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 6693
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 6504
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 5973
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6018
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 6020
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 5991
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6082
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6022
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6020
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6024
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 5965
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 5987
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 6003
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 5948
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6045
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 5973
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 6078
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6110
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6024
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6039
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6103
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 6023
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 6032
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 5994
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 6617
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 5824
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 6031
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 6290
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6070
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6088
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6550
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6094
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 6019
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 5989
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 6003
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 6187
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6140
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 5936
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 6063
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6047
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6039
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6040
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6048
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 5997
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 6008
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 6046
