open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 8077
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 5991
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9354
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10254
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 10643
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11008
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 11461
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 11545
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 11650
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 11816
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 11918
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 6221
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 5912
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9032
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10098
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 10595
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11095
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 11434
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 11594
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 11734
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 11799
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 11953
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 5975
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6003
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9042
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10163
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 10742
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11065
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 11452
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 11581
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 11636
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 11763
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 11974
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 6213
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6538
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9001
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10218
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 10608
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11015
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 11410
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 11558
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 11662
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 11764
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 11871
open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 5987
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6140
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9031
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10090
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 10647
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11072
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 11393
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 11600
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 11653
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 11887
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 11906
