open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 10338
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6570
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 9667
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 10763
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 11365
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 11311
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 12314
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 12191
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 12485
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 12396
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 13331
open file testfile2048MB.txt
average reading time 0
