open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 116877
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 90078
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 93498
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 98028
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 92649
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 100963
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 90172
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 84844
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 85316
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 85959
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 106049
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 93531
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 88513
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 101765
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 98479
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 113463
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 97759
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 126412
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 108504
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 102332
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 109377
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 99175
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 107332
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 100179
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 153494
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 134086
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 123556
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 98761
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 100137
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 107651
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 103553
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 98267
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 125188
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 89106
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 91868
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 102035
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 95220
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 91086
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 104479
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 94501
