open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 651631
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 750962
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 989097
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 482195
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 483233
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 415549
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 449700
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 369823
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 389855
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 375425
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 383135
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 388838
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 432237
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 412330
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 410349
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 340789
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 280904
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 336076
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 324987
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 314539
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 314366
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 331034
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 320390
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 320889
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 313862
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 360746
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 301802
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 327532
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 318690
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 494504
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 1074874
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 385714
open file /testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 305597
open file /testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 322787
open file /testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 363029
open file /testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 329652
open file /testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 323260
open file /testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 311338
open file /testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 328231
open file /testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 325799
