open file testfile1MB.txt
average reading time 6408
open file testfile2MB.txt
average reading time 6364
open file testfile4MB.txt
average reading time 6385
open file testfile8MB.txt
average reading time 6262
open file testfile16MB.txt
average reading time 6354
open file testfile32MB.txt
average reading time 6473
open file testfile64MB.txt
average reading time 6332
open file testfile128MB.txt
average reading time 6143
open file testfile256MB.txt
average reading time 6210
open file testfile512MB.txt
average reading time 6234
open file testfile1024MB.txt
average reading time 6350
open file testfile2048MB.txt
average reading time 0
